some 142 a contemplation of David a
some 142 a contemplation of David a prayer when he was in the cave I cry out
prayer when he was in the cave I cry out
prayer when he was in the cave I cry out to the Lord with my voice with my voice
to the Lord with my voice with my voice
to the Lord with my voice with my voice to the Lord I make my supplication I
to the Lord I make my supplication I
to the Lord I make my supplication I pour out my complaint before him I
pour out my complaint before him I
pour out my complaint before him I declare before he might trouble when my
declare before he might trouble when my
declare before he might trouble when my spirit was overwhelmed within me then
spirit was overwhelmed within me then
spirit was overwhelmed within me then you knew my path
you knew my path
you knew my path in the way in which I walk they have
in the way in which I walk they have
in the way in which I walk they have secretly set a snare for me look on my
secretly set a snare for me look on my
secretly set a snare for me look on my right hand and see for there is no one
right hand and see for there is no one
right hand and see for there is no one who acknowledges me refuge has failed me
who acknowledges me refuge has failed me
who acknowledges me refuge has failed me no one cares for my soul I cried out to
no one cares for my soul I cried out to
no one cares for my soul I cried out to you O Lord I said you are my refuge my
you O Lord I said you are my refuge my
you O Lord I said you are my refuge my portion in the land of the living
portion in the land of the living
portion in the land of the living attend to my cry for I am brought very
attend to my cry for I am brought very
attend to my cry for I am brought very low deliver me from my persecutors for
low deliver me from my persecutors for
low deliver me from my persecutors for they are stronger than I bring my soul
they are stronger than I bring my soul
they are stronger than I bring my soul out of prison that I may praise your
out of prison that I may praise your
out of prison that I may praise your name the righteous shall surround me for
name the righteous shall surround me for
name the righteous shall surround me for you shall deal bountifully with me
you shall deal bountifully with me
you shall deal bountifully with me [Music]
[Music]
[Music] you